# Conceptual Analysis - Large Language Models
An exploration into word embeddings generated by LLMs.

## Getting Started

### Cloning
To begin, we must get the source code and cache files from this repository to our target computer. If you have git installed (and are comfortable with it), you can clone easily with `git clone https://github.com/maxb00/LLM-embeds.git` from your OS' command line. Otherwise, you can choose "Download Zip" from the green "Code" button in the top right above (on GitHub); just unzip it where you'd like to work. Once we have our project 'cloned' we need to setup an environment to support our runtime.

### Conda Environment Setup
```
conda env create
```
This will automatically build from the frozen environemnt provided! Current full creation syntax is: 
```
conda create -n aca-dist -c conda-forge pytorch sentencepiece "transformers>=4.20" scikit-learn openai tqdm gensim ipykernel
```
After creation, activate the environment with `conda activate aca-dist` (if you named it that) and environment setup and activation should be complete.

### Project Navigation
Now that the project is cloned and the environment created, open the project in your favorite Jupyter notebook viewer. VSCode is my favorite, PyCharm works, and I'm sure there are many other options as well. Once the project is loaded, make sure to set your Python interpreter to the Conda environment we just created, as it holds our dependencies and conflict resolutions. 

This project contains and generates results for different tasks in seperate notebooks for similar tasks. Here is the basic structure:
```
LLM-embeds/
├── gpt/
│   ├── gpt_ada.txt
│   ├── gpt_babbage.txt
│   └── gpt_curie.txt
├── opt/
│   ├── 1_3B.txt
│   └── 13B.txt
├── t5/
│   ├── t5large.txt
│   └── t53b.txt
├── old/
│   └── .. (misc old results)
├── Automated Conceptual Analysis_5.ipynb  -> Tianyi's Foundation
├── big_s.ipynb                            -> Better 'scoring' attempt
├── negatives.ipynb                        -> 'Negatives' for "small" LLMs
├── negatives_lrg.ipynb                    -> 'Negatives' for "large" LLMs
├── simdef.ipynb                           -> Angle and Magnitude tests, "small"
└── simdef_lrg.ipynb                       -> Angle and Magnitude tests, "large"
```